otelhttp: Remove custom wrapper after handling request (#6914)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- Jaeger remote sampler's probabilistic strategy now uses the same sampling algorithm as `trace.TraceIDRatioBased` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/jaegerremote`. (#6892)

> - Remove `request.BodyWrapper` from `r.Body` after the request is processed to avoid issues with handling the `r.Body` by `http/server.go` (which checks the type of `r.Body`) in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` and `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gorilla/mux/otelmux`. (#6914)

Reviewer: Changelog entries should focus on the end-user impact, not internal method names.

```suggestion
- Remove the custom body wrapper from the request's body after the request is processed to allow body type comparisons with the original type `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` and `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gorilla/mux/otelmux`. (#6914)
```
